- One of my favorite messages
that humans have ever sent
for extraterrestrials to
someday receive was written
in 1974 by Frank
Drake and Carl Sagan.
They sent the message
to a star cluster
25000 light years away.
It contained 1679 binary
digits that, when decoded,
created an image, the
famous Arecibo message.
This message is full of
general information about us.
Up here in the
white are numbers.
Now, since math is
probably pretty universal,
I feel like it's fair to say
that aliens will understand
that part, but what about
some of these other parts?
This is a human figure, but
will aliens be able to tell
that that is supposed to
be the shape of the thing
that made this?
Could an alien figure out
what all these symbols mean?
For that matter, could a human
even correctly figure out
what they all mean?
And I bet that if you were
to ask two people to guess
what all this means, you would
get two different answers.
I wanna give some humans
a message and I wanna see
how quickly they come up with
meanings I didn't put in there
or conflicting interpretations,
because if that happens,
well it could spell trouble for
our ability to say much more
than simple mathematical truths
to whatever might be out there.
(music)